[MM-26997] Use socket API to deploy plugins, if available (#108)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-starter-template: README.md

## Development

To avoid having to manually install your plugin, build and deploy your plugin using one of the following options.

### Deploying with Local Mode

> If your Mattermost server is running locally, you can configure the server to listen on a unix socket. The plugin deploy scripts can then interact directly with the server without requiring authentication credentials. In order to do this, you need to edit the server's `ServiceSettings` in `mattermost-server/config/config.json` to support [local mode](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/mmctl-cli-tool.html#local-mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If your Mattermost server is running locally, you can enable [local mode](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/mmctl-cli-tool.html#local-mode) to streamline deploying your plugin. Edit your server configuration as follows:
```

```json
{
    "ServiceSettings": {
        ...
        "EnableLocalMode": true,
        "LocalModeSocketLocation": "/var/tmp/mattermost_local.socket"
    }
}
```

> If you'd like to use a different path than `/var/tmp/mattermost_local.socket`, assign the intended path to the environment variable `MM_LOCALSOCKETPATH` in your terminal being used to deploy the plugin.

Reviewer: (can't use the suggestion trick here, but):

---------

and then deploy your plugin:
```
make deploy
```

You may also customize the Unix socket path:
```
export MM_LOCALSOCKETPATH=/var/tmp/alternate_local.socket
make deploy
```

> 

Reviewer: Can't comment on the line way below here, but can we move the `make watch` documentation  up here as well? I think local socket mode is likely going to become "the default", so don't want to bury the `make watch` unnecessarily.
